The AIDS quilt probably helps the families of the deceased cope with their loss by helping them remember the character and persona of their lost loved ones. It also gives them all something to relate to since there are several people that are all going through the same thing. It also immortalizes the deceased because they are pictured on the quilts and anytime someone looks at it they will immediately remember that person. The AIDS Memorial Quilt Provides comfort and a sense of belonging to the living. being able to make an art piece like the quilt in memory of their loved ones can help them cope with the lose ad well as provide them with something to remember them by, something to hold on too. In addition, by adding their quilt to this huge collection of quilts that represent loved ones that died from a common disease, it is like they are joining a support group. Lastly, they become a part of something that is bigger that their personal grief. It could give them comfort that the death of their loved one was not for nothing, that maybe by creating this art piece and joining forces with all these people with a common tragedy, they could fight for more funding for research to find a cure. For the dead, the AIDS Memorial Quilt provides a way to keep on living in a different form: through the artwork and what it stands for. It provides an additional meaning to their life. Memorials like the AIDS quilt are made to remember those who have passed away! For the living, these memorials serve to comfort those who are grieving, as well as provide something more tangible to hold on to. They can find courage, strength, and emotional support by sharing the memories of their loved ones. Memorials unite people who have all gone through something similar and serve as a reminder to those who haven't that something did happen and should not be allowed to fade into history. For the dead, these memorials serve as a sort of legacy. They allow the living to remember them. They give voice to those who are no longer around and they immortalize them in a way. They will not be forgotten! The AIDS quilt is a memorial piece for the living to hold onto and to remember the dead by. The quilt is meant to symbolize all the people that they lost so that they are never truly gone. For the living it is a way to grieve and to help the wound of losing their loved ones not be so painful. Also, by coming together with others who lost loved ones from this disease helps them feel like they aren't alone. Having people around you that are going through the same loss that you are makes the situation less painful. Having a support group through any tragic situation helps the healing process. Lastly, for the dead having their picture on the quilt keeps the living on ever after they are gone. A piece of artwork such as the AIDS Memorial Quilt has a use for both those that are alive and those that have died as a result of AIDS. For those that are living it serves as a reminder of the severity of AIDS by seeing names of those who have died as a result of this cause. Although we all learn about AIDS and HIV in school, some people don't exactly take it seriously and despite learning of all the dangers of the disease there are still people that put themselves at risk. Perhaps seeing names serves as a means of wondering who that person was and what their lives were like before they passed. Did they leave behind children? Was there a lot of regret upon learning of their impending death? I personally feel that having this mentality definitely makes the message about AIDS stick instead of just learning through school. For the dead it serves as a nicer way of commemorating the person by surrounding them with parts of their lives they enjoyed. This sounds like a gravestone, but as opposed to a simple stone in the ground with a name the quilt is a means of remembering the person's life and giving off a strong message in terms of the dangers of AIDS. The AIDS memorial quilt is an artwork to remember a loved ones loss. By adding their quilt to the AIDS memorial quilt makes them feel like they are not alone and they are not the only ones going through the same situation. They find some comfort of not being alone in a big tragedy. It might bring them closer into fighting for funds into finding a cure for people with AIDS. For the dead it's another form of remembering the person instead of a simple gravestone. The quilt is made with the name of the person and other aspects of their lives that they enjoyed. It gives a strong message in terms of the dangers of AIDS while commemorating the deceased in an artistic form. In my opinion the AIDS quilt symbolizes the love for the deceased and helps the family and friends cope with the loss, helping them remember the person that they lost. I also believe the quilt acts as a unity between the loved ones that lost their friend or family member, and helps them relate to one another. I also think that the quilt immortalizes the passed loved one because whenever anyone looks at the quilt they remember the person that passed away from AIDS. I overall believe the quilt is made and kept for remembrance and respect. Its a beautiful idea! To be able to express love for your love one and show the world how special and important they were is an amazing privilege. Death I am sure for many it has become so common in everyones lives, but for many it has still become a devastating impact  in their lives. To give those families the opportunity to get some emotion out with a memorial quilt is a wonderful way to let those who are hurt and broken for there lost. Personally if i had a family or friend who has past away from AIDS I would love to be able to show the world how important and special this person was in my life. I wish this art opportunity was exposed to more places in the US and allowed others who have lost a love one to be able to express there love and care. Another benefit this art idea brings to the families and friends is meeting others who are going through the same situation and perhaps allowing them to become friends and support one another for there lost. Overall, its an incredible, most meaningful art piece that I have been presented. It doesn't just amaze other how creative one can be but it gives an emotion a true meaning behind it all. The AIDS Memorial Quilt help to celebrate the lives of the people who fought against the AIDS and lost, and also helping the families who have lost there love once to the AIDS by using ART and creative means for healing and remembrance which might bring some comfort to the families. The quilt also help to speared more knowledge and increase the public awareness of AIDS, the quilt also throw events to raise funds for the community that are AIDS service organization. The Aids quilt helps attract people to the cause against Aids. Art attracts people to everything, and can help make the cause seem more meaningful. It also helps to serve as a rememberance to those who lost their lives due to aids. It just helps show support for the cause and lets people know who suffer from aids know that we are there to help them in their fight. An aids memorial brings awareness to the people who might not be aware about what's going on. Some might not even know that aids even exist. The awareness makes them more cautious on what they do and influences them to really think on the decisions they might make. What this does to the people who have passed away is that they are honored and remembered. Overall, it's important to bring awareness to various things because that informs people on subjects they might not be very well informed on or they might have never even heard of. I feel the AIDS Memorial Quilt would help the family members of the deceased to honor and remember their loved ones.  It is also possibly slightly comforting to those alive and struggling with the disease to know that they will always be loved and remembered. The AIDS memorial quilt was created to honor those who died due to AIDS related causes. Those who are living with AIDS, see it as a comfort. It shows the support of thousands of people who participate. Those who participate leave a mark, helping others who are going through the same process. It also creates awareness in everyone, for example reaching out to schools. Those who are dead are being honored by loved ones. Adding what made them special into the quilt, which will be remembered and the story of that life will be recognized. The AIDS quilt memorial that was held at a mall in Washington DC the fall of 1996 was created to remember the ones who have passed from a deadly disease known as AIDS. The quilt was designed to remember those who have suffered through the disease and never made it through. To the living its a piece of remembrance for their loved one and to the dead its a piece of them that gives hope and strength to the ones that are still alive fighting the disease. For the living, the AIDS Memorial Quilt serves as a tribute for thousands of lives lost to HIV/AIDS. It gives grieving loved ones a tangible outlet to express their anguish, while allying them with others affected by the disease. This creates a sense of community and provides them with support they undoubtedly need. For those not directly affected by HIV/AIDS, the quilt serves as a striking visual representation of the gravity and prominence of the disease. Its magnitude creates awareness and demands a call to action in the fight against HIV/AIDS. For the dead, the quilt commemorates their passing and prevents their death from being overlooked. These individuals become immortalized in each patch and their life and memory, which are palpably represented by the quilt, clearly demonstrate why finding a cure is so tremendously worthwhile. The Aids quilt is a symbolic way of memorializing those who have fallen victim to the Aids epidemic. The quilt also represents a feeling of solidarity to all the families that have lost a loved ones.The Aids quilts ensures that none of the victims of this deadly disease will never be forgotten.Those of us that are blessed to have side stepped this silent killer.We are responsible for making Aids awareness a priority, and supporting causes that are searching for a cure. I think the AIDS memorial quilt has it's biggest impact on the living. For the family and friends of the deceased by symbolizing that others have gone through the same pains as them. For still livingg individuals with AIDS, it shows that there are people that will sympathize about them. Now for the dead it does a lot less in my opinion. I suppose if I had to say it did anything for them I would say it memorializes them. The AIDS Memorial quilt is a beautiful piece of art. It allows families to reunite and be able to cope with each other based off their own personal stories. AIDS isn't the easiest topic to talk about, so by initiating this quilt it allows people to not be afraid. Everyone has a mutual feeling towards each other and can empathize towards one another. This quilt allows both the living and dead to be at ease. Their soul is able to rest now because their memory is still alive and perhaps people will be more cautious of transmitted diseases. This quilt is also representing a message towards everyone. It can impact anyone to see how many people keep dying because of this. The AIDS memorial quilt embraces the life that once was and the impact that that life had on the living people before they passed away. It is a way for their lives to be celebrated and the opportunity for those closely related to the deceased to show what a unique human being they had the privileged of having in their lives. The dead are exalted and the living feel liberated.